docs: document dataclass_transform behavior (#16017)
python/mypy: docs/source/additional_features.rst

      """
      attribute: int

    AliasDecorated(attribute=1) # error: Unexpected keyword argument

To have Mypy recognize a wrapper of :py:func:`dataclasses.dataclass <dataclasses.dataclass>`
as a dataclass decorator, consider using the :py:func:`~typing.dataclass_transform` decorator:

.. code-block:: python

    from dataclasses import dataclass, Field
    from typing import dataclass_transform

>     @dataclass_transform(fields=(Field,))

Reviewer: field_specifiers

Author: ```suggestion
    @dataclass_transform(field_specifiers=(Field,))
```

>     from dataclasses import dataclass, Field
>     from typing import dataclass_transform
> 
>     @dataclass_transform(field_specifiers=(Field,))
>     def my_dataclass(cls: type[T]) -> type[T]:
>       ...
>       return dataclass(cls)

Author: ```suggestion
    from dataclasses import dataclass, Field
    from typing import TypeVar, dataclass_transform
    
    T = TypeVar('T')

    @dataclass_transform(field_specifiers=(Field,))
    def my_dataclass(cls: type[T]) -> type[T]:
        ...
        return dataclass(cls)
```

Data Class Transforms
*********************

Mypy supports the :py:func:`~typing.dataclass_transform` decorator as described in
`PEP 681 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0681/#the-dataclass-transform-decorator>`_.

.. note::

>     Pragmatically, such classes would appear to have the internal attribute :code:`__dataclass_fields__`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Pragmatically, mypy will assume such classes have the internal attribute :code:`__dataclass_fields__`
```

    (even though they might lack it in runtime) and will assume functions such as :py:func:`dataclasses.is_dataclass`

>     and :py:func:`dataclasses.fields` to treat them as if they were dataclasses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and :py:func:`dataclasses.fields` treat them as if they were dataclasses
```

>     (even though they might lack it in runtime) and dataclass functions such as :py:func:`dataclasses.is_dataclass`
>     and :py:func:`dataclasses.fields` would appear to accept them as if they were dataclasses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (even though they might lack it in runtime) and will assume functions such as :py:func:`dataclasses.is_dataclass`
    and :py:func:`dataclasses.fields` to treat them as if they were dataclasses
```
